First, In my main function I loop through the input File and for each of those I am calling part 2 function 
Part 1 = I went ahead and read the tokens. What that's doing is, its reading the lines and splitting the spaces, 
in order to get to the different parts. 

As for the first part, we need to extract each of those two numbers thereforefore we assign the 1st and 2nd 
into the integer values of split token of the dash sign.

Since we split it on the dash we have a list with two string representations of numbers. By mapping it we apply 
it to both of those.

Our second token is our letter, accompanied by the colon after - which will give us our first element of the letter.
Finally, we have the password which is on its own in the third token. Once we have done, we can go to part one where we assign 
those to min and max letter and password. Part 1 is very simple, as we neeed to check if the password is in between min and max
inclusive, if it is I return one, otherwise I return zero and in my main, I add that to the count for part 1 
and then at the end we will be printing it out.  

Once we do that we will get the answer, my answer was 500. What was yours?

--- Part 2 ---

It appears we have valiated the password correctly, however we were given a wrong policy. Now,
what we need to do is for each of those two numbers, for what we had in the range earlier, is 
cheack if exactly one occurrence of whatever we're given, appears at the given indexes. 

Part two is similiar to part one, instead of min and max I call the things first and second. As we,
have one statement, it will check if passwords have first -1, as it said one was the element of the list and in python
zero is the first element of the list, therefore, we need to subtract one to get the correct index. Meanwhile, 
we are also checking if that is equal to the letter. Here, we also repeat the task for the second letter. 

In addition, we also want the two booleans. They will give a True or False response in correspondence to the letter
state is in the correct position, as we want to ensure the two values are not equal to each other. Morever, if the
two letters are equal to each other, this will suggest the theory of either being both true or both false. From this we 
will know that this will not pass the test condition. However, if they are not equal to each other, it will go ahead and 
present "okay, they're not equal to each other", one of them is true and we return one.  we finally go ahead and add that
to part two count. 

Then we run our code, we recieve the following response:

- Part 1: 500
- Part 2: 313

Happy Coding!

    
    

